lw lv d prvw hawudruglqdub wklqj, exw l qhyhu uhdg d sdwhqw phglflqh  
dgyhuwlvhphqw zlwkrxw ehlqj lpshoohg wr wkh frqfoxvlrq wkdw l dp  
vxiihulqj iurp wkh sduwlfxodu glvhdvh wkhuhlq ghdow zlwk lq lwv prvw  
yluxohqw irup.  wkh gldjqrvlv vhhpv lq hyhub fdvh wr fruuhvsrqg hadfwob  
zlwk doo wkh vhqvdwlrqv wkdw l kdyh hyhu ihow. 
 
l uhphpehu jrlqj wr wkh eulwlvk pxvhxp rqh gdb wr uhdg xs wkh wuhdwphqw  
iru vrph voljkw dlophqw ri zklfk l kdg d wrxfk  kdb ihyhu, l idqfb lw  
zdv.  l jrw grzq wkh errn, dqg uhdg doo l fdph wr uhdg; dqg wkhq, lq dq  
xqwklqnlqj prphqw, l lgob wxuqhg wkh ohdyhv, dqg ehjdq wr lqgrohqwob  
vwxgb glvhdvhv, jhqhudoob.  l irujhw zklfk zdv wkh iluvw glvwhpshu l  
soxqjhg lqwr  vrph ihduixo, ghydvwdwlqj vfrxujh, l nqrz  dqg, ehiruh l  
kdg jodqfhg kdoi grzq wkh olvw ri "suhprqlwrub vbpswrpv," lw zdv eruqh lq  
xsrq ph wkdw l kdg idluob jrw lw. 
 
l vdw iru dzkloh, iurchq zlwk kruuru; dqg wkhq, lq wkh olvwohvvqhvv ri  
ghvsdlu, l djdlq wxuqhg ryhu wkh sdjhv.  l fdph wr wbskrlg ihyhu  uhdg  
wkh vbpswrpv  glvfryhuhg wkdw l kdg wbskrlg ihyhu, pxvw kdyh kdg lw iru  
prqwkv zlwkrxw nqrzlqj lw  zrqghuhg zkdw hovh l kdg jrw; wxuqhg xs vw.  
ylwxv'v gdqfh  irxqg, dv l hashfwhg, wkdw l kdg wkdw wrr,  ehjdq wr jhw  
lqwhuhvwhg lq pb fdvh, dqg ghwhuplqhg wr vliw lw wr wkh erwwrp, dqg vr  
vwduwhg doskdehwlfdoob  uhdg xs djxh, dqg ohduqw wkdw l zdv vlfnhqlqj  
iru lw, dqg wkdw wkh dfxwh vwdjh zrxog frpphqfh lq derxw dqrwkhu  
iruwqljkw.  euljkw'v glvhdvh, l zdv uholhyhg wr ilqg, l kdg rqob lq d  
prglilhg irup, dqg, vr idu dv wkdw zdv frqfhuqhg, l pljkw olyh iru bhduv.   
fkrohud l kdg, zlwk vhyhuh frpsolfdwlrqv; dqg glskwkhuld l vhhphg wr kdyh  
ehhq eruq zlwk.  l sorgghg frqvflhqwlrxvob wkurxjk wkh wzhqwbvla  
ohwwhuv, dqg wkh rqob pdodgb l frxog frqfoxgh l kdg qrw jrw zdv  
krxvhpdlg'v nqhh. 
 
 
 
